Add example of code in pre (#34078)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/pre/index.md

If you have to display reserved characters such as `<`, `>`, `&`, and `"` within the `<pre>` tag, the characters must be escaped using their respective [HTML entity](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Entity).

> Can be used to wrap {{HTMLElement("code")}}, {{HTMLElement("samp")}}, {{HTMLElement("kbd")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<pre>` elements commonly contain {{HTMLElement("code")}}, {{HTMLElement("samp")}}, and {{HTMLElement("kbd")}} elements, to represent computer code, computer output, and user input, respectively.
```
